feat: add `plain` format type for customDatasources (#23563)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

### format

Defines which format the API is returning.

> The API returns the `json` or `plain` format types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently `json` or `plain` are supported, see the `custom` [datasource documentation](/modules/datasource/custom/) for more information.
```

> At this moment, `json` & `plain` are supported, but more formats are planned for the future

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API returns the `json` or `plain` format types.
```

Changes:

- Replace `&` with plain English `and`
- Remove "promise" to support more format types in future

I think it's best to say what we support _now_, and leave any future things be.

Question: how do you set the `format` you get from the API? I don't see a code example here. Or is this something that's obvious to "real programmers"? 😄

Author: @HonkingGoose I think you can get the examples from here https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/pull/23563/files#diff-be0a39f342380493f17c380bbd694f1f05d18bdd8d7cecf174369084952102deR646
